You're pregnant?
Yes, pregnant.
But I already did.
Stop
Why did you do it?
He is our child you
As the eldest lady of the Jiang family
You should be grateful to marry you
You still want me to have a baby for you, you don't deserve it
Unworthy
Don't you just want a divorce?
Leave, get out and be your little lady
What else is there, Miss Jiang?
Remember
Sorry.
We have no future
Miss sir cut corners because of the project
Caused many workers to have accidents in the Jiang family
No.
The test results are out
Early gastric cancer
It is recommended that you have surgery earlier.
Forced to owe a lot of money
My body is also broken
Forgive me for not dragging you down
Miss is not good
Madam committed suicide
My mom is gone
These things won't matter anymore
No no play no play